Hi.
We didn't lecture regrowing to see how we can use Reiki UI kits so that we can create some really good
designs.
We do using IRS kits.
So if you come over here to file meaning as you can see there is an option saying that get UI kits.
Now of course I'm gonna go for Apple Io s in this course.
But you can use Google material as well so it provides us with some different icons different UI kids.
It's a very good archive it's a very good hard tool.
It's a very good website.
Actually you can just visit Google material that I know in order to see everything they got.
But right now I'm just going to go for this website.
So this is developer dot that pulled out come one more time.
But right now we are in the design tab under resources so here they provide us with the resources that
are commonly used in us so that we can get them and we can use them in our own designs as well.
For example you see the adobe Steve file over here and has some other sketch or Photoshop or keynote
projects as well.
But in fact we're going to go for it.
They'll be Steve.
And as you can see they have some other UI kids for some other platforms as well like Mac also watch
AWS.
So right now I'm just going to discard this I'm just going to close this down because we're going to
use the downloaded UI kits.
So let me just bring this into my desktop so we can't see better.
As you can see it's kind of a DMV file it's actually at the AMG file it's kind of an installation file
but actually we're not going to install anything.
We're just going to open this up and we're just going to unzip them and I'm I will bring them into my
desktop so we can use them.
OK.
So we can just delete this.
We are done with that and I'm just going to inject this.
So here you go.
Now let me open this up and let's see what we got over here.
So for example we have this app icons IO Us.
So if you double click on that it will provide a layout.
It will provide a frame for you to design IRS icons.
OK.
So you can actually design your icons in this frame and you can use them later on in your project.
And don't worry we're going to see how we can actually design some logo some icons in order to use in
our apple IRS projects in the next lecture.
But this is also a nice way it gives out pixels it gives out some frames so that we can create some
good icons using that guidelines.
So that's one of them but actually it has much more to provide in this case.
And don't worry about this again.
We're going to see how we can do do this in our own projects later on.
So let me close this down and let me go for something like tab borrower here I believe.
So as you can see it provides us with some tab bar icons we can actually use those in our tab bar.
So we can just export them and use them in our own projects or we can edit them and use them one more
time.
So let me go for those guidelines and in the guides I'm going to go for iPhone.
IPhone X actually and you have some iPads or iPhone 8 as well.
So in the iPhone X and Steve file as you can see we have a lot of resources.
So over here we see some color schemes we see some layouts.
We see these menus like navigation virus like navigation buttons like this.
OK.
So as you can see we see some color schemes like stars some buttons some titles some sliders and everything.
We see some UI elements we get some we use some menus and everything we see some error messages and
so much more.
And the point here is that you can actually get these UI kits and you can easily use them in your Adobe
DB projects.
Of course if you don't want to get anything out of these resources you're more than welcome to do so.
But in most of cases it's actually a good idea to come over here and just take some of these buttons
take some of these views over here to using your own projects so it will be consistent with IRS guidelines.
So we're going to stop here and we're going to see how we can create icons in the next lecture for our
own apps.